Refactoring: authentication with Google Services (#499)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/knowledge-base/google-services-authentication.md

---

> title: Authentication with Google Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Authenticating with Google Services
```

> description: How to set up a Google Play service account for Codemagic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to set up a service account for authentication with Google Play and Firebase
```
